Cethern MacCumail
Age: 20
MBTI: ESTJ
Short: determined, stubborn, self-sacrificing
---
Cethern is the grandson of Sir MacCumail, a very famous knight known as the "only good soldier in Uffren". His father was a labourer in Cluain Bolg, while his mother was a member of the Corbenic knighthood. Cethern's father passed away from illness while his mother was away dealing with Macha bandits, while his mother died in a scuffle with said bandits. His siblings are Airmed and Miach, both younger. 
Because of his grandfather's deteriorating condition, Cethern has been forced to become the caretaker for both of his siblings. He is self-sacrificing to those he cares about, including his childhood friends Sétanta and Ferdiad, and his other allies. He is, however, also very stubborn, and does not wish to see those he cares about hurt. As well, he can be a bit controlling, especially with his siblings. When Miach comes with Cethern to fight in the war, protecting Miach becomes as important as winning the war. This controlling and stubborn nature can make him a bit uncaring to how others feel about his actions. He wants to be able to influence what he wishes to influence. But Cethern's main goal above everything else is to protect those he loves, which culminates in 1-F with his duel against The Shield Jhudiel.
Cethern also wishes to live up to his grandfather and mother's legacy as knights of Caer Siddi. These personality traits are why he cannot run away with Miach at the beginning of 1-5; Cethern does not like the idea of the war's outcome being out of his control. He also believes it to be an affront on his family's history, not wanting to be a blemish on it. Finally, he worries that if the war isn't stopped, more than him and his allies will be in danger: all of Corbenic will be.
C

Srihwen
Age: ???
MBTI: ISFP
Short: indecisive for herself, empathetic for others, reserved, pacifistic
---
Srihwen is a priestess of the Dharan Order in northwestern Bhuloka, on the border of House Avanti in Srughna. A refugee of the conflict between Heichalot and the rest of Maghmeall, she was taken in by Dhara's greatmother, Khema, and reborn as the oracle of the Springmother Hwen in a ritual at Mount Sineru in the centre of Bhuloka. Anticipating the danger of having a "living Wardbearer" in the presence of the other orders, Khema sought help from her brothers and sisters in faith, the Anusuya grove of the Chandran Order. They offered Srihwen a retainer and bodyguard; another refugee of the war named Soma, who swore allegiance to the Springmother, the Dharan Order, and to Srihwen. Attempting to keep her safe, Greatmother Khema has kept Srihwen in the monastery for the past seven years, not letting her leave the grounds in fear of her safety.

Soma
Age: 18
MBTI: ENFP
Short: energetic, optimistic, loyal, wants things her way

Ethniu
Age: 18/26
MBTI: ISTJ
Short: cynical, short, obstinate

Aengus
Age: 24/32
MBTI: ESFP

Setanta
Age: 21/29
MBTI: ESTP

Ferdiad
Age: 19/27
MBTI: INFP

Talitha
Age: 15/23
MBTI: ENFJ

Bres
Age: 22/30
MBTI: ENTP

Sadhbh
Age: 36/44
MBTI: INFJ
Short: skeptical, perfectionist, cares for Aife

Hanlin
Age: 25/33
MBTI: ISFJ
Short: idealistic, compassionate, observant

Dagmema
Age: 18/26
MBTI: ISFJ
Short: timid, 

Gedeon
Age: something idk
MBTI: ISTJ