Srihwen, Greatmother Khema and the group meet either at the bungalow or inside the monastery (if Varuna and Nandi are dead).
If at the bungalow, Birnath will come out with the Dasarna gang, and Sirin will be introduced by Khema later (Birnath was heavy on my pegasi to carry over!). If at the monastery, Sirin will come out with Khema.
They discuss what happened at the Anusuya monastery, and their plans going forward.
Khema states that while everyone was gone, she beeseched Avanti and Pancala for help
While both refused, with the new information two of Pancala's soldiers defected to Dhara's cause: Sirin and Birnath.
--- ^ DONE ^ ---
As they discuss, Soma brings up that her grove told her Prabhasa's greatfather, Bholenath, has yet to make up his mind.
She mentions that perhaps other orders would also be on the fence of joining.
Khema states that the most likely order to join against Antariksa would be the descendants of Bhatn, the Pavakan people.
She mentions the biggest obstacle would be finding them. Srihwen mentions her power. Khema is wary as the Pavakan people are allegedly past Anilan territory.
The others pledge to keep Srihwen safe, and Khema agrees to finally completely allow Srihwen to fight against the Antariksan people. She charges Srihwen to sneak through Anila's territory and attempt to align with the Pavakan people.

======== BAM

In Anila, Kalkin discusses with the Mangala grove of Anila that Dhara is beginning to mobilize. He tells them that talk has begun with the Sagarian Order for unification, and asks if the Mangala grove has found any hint of the Pavakan order. They say no. Kalkin states his next plan is to subjugate the defiant Pavakan Order into submission. Since Dhara would want an order with a similar belief system to them on their side, he tells the grove to fortify their borders as soon as possible. The representative of the Mangala grove orders Babhru, a devout lower-ranking monk, to guard the eastern border into the "Pavakan lands". Babhru is angry that he's being assigned what he considers to be a useless position, but agrees.

Sirin alerts the group to the fortified presence of Anila on the border into the Pavakan territory. The group shows up on map, Babhru notices them, thanks Anila for allowing him to remove heresy, let's go prep screen.

------------------------

END OF MAP
Srihwen enters the monastery, which is dead silent with the stares of the monks. 

Manasa finally shows up on the Sarasvati Fortress, talking to Kalkin. Kalkin tells her that despite the Anilan Order's agreement to aid Antariksa, they have yet to find the Pavakan Order. he asks manasa about the sagarian order. Manasa tells Kalkin that the Sagarian Order has agreed to help Antariksa, yet there is one grove that does not wish to help. Kalkin asks what Manasa plans to do. Manasa says that impertinence is not allowed, but before she can say her plans, a soldier comes in saying they've captured a Pavakan near their fortress. Manasa demands to see them immediately. Goga appears and says he wouldn't exactly call it capturing, since he's come to negotiate. Kalkin states that they are no where near on equal grounds for negotiation. Goga states that Antariksa cannot find the home of the Pavakan people. He asks Manasa if she'd like to find it.

-------------------------


2-4
Srihwen and the others head into the very dense forestation east of the Mangala order. They eventually decide to set up camp. Srihwen and Nakstrani have a conversation about how Nakstrani is still a member of the Antariksan Order at the end of this, and that she will only stay if Srihwen agrees there is a future for the Antariksan Order. Srihwen agrees.